Docs: Rename Standard Catalog to Basic Catalog and update v0.9 status (#1302)
google/A2UI: docs/concepts/components.md

To help developers get started quickly, the A2UI team maintains the [Basic Catalog](../../specification/v0_9/json/basic_catalog.json).

> This is a pre-defined catalog file that contains a basic set of general-purpose components (Buttons, Inputs, Cards). It is not a special "type" of catalog; it is simply a version of a catalog that has open source renderers available.

Reviewer: (Same comment here about the "open source renderers available".)

> This is a pre-defined catalog file that contains a basic set of general-purpose components (Buttons, Inputs, Cards). It is not a special "type" of catalog; it is simply a version of a catalog that has open source renderers available.

Author: ```suggestion
This is a pre-defined catalog file that contains a basic set of general-purpose components (Buttons, Inputs, Cards). It is not a special "type" of catalog; it is simply a version of a catalog that we provide so the package has "batteries included".
```
